this recipe for buffalo chicken wings 3
was submitted by an all recipes member
who describes them as chicken wings with
a nice spicy bite as another member
raves rave for tasting buffalo wings
that you can bake and not have to fry
you can get started by preheating your
oven to 375 degrees let's prepare the
chicken wings this recipe calls for 20
chicken wings split and the tips
discarded chicken wings are split into 3
portions the drum at the wing net and
the lowly wing tip which usually dries
out when it's cooked and most people
don't want to bother with it so using a
sharp knife you'll make one cut down the
joint separating and discarding the tip
another cut right along the drumette
leaving you with two pieces line two
baking sheets with aluminum foil to help
with cleanup place the wings in a single
layer
one Allrecipes member suggested baking
the wings on a broiler pan to separate
them from the fat and make them a bit
more crispy
cook them in the oven for 30 minutes or
until they're cooked through and crispy
while the chicken wings are cooking you
can make the sauce which is a slight
twist on the traditional buffalo wing
sauce pour half a cup of melted butter
into a small bowl and add half a cup of
bread pepper sauce
and 3/4 of a cup of tomato sauce
and now for the spice add one and a half
tablespoons of chili powder and one
teaspoon of cayenne pepper this really
kicks the spice level up so if you're
sensitive you may want to leave the
extra Cayenne out whisk the sauce
together and set it aside for now when
the chicken wings are baked take them
out of the oven using a pair of tongs
dip the wings into the sauce and coat
them well shake off the excess place the
coated wings onto clean baking sheets
lined with aluminum foil so they don't
stick reduce the oven to 250 degrees and
bake the wings for another 15 minutes to
set the sauce
take the buffalo wings out of the oven
and it goes without saying serve them
with bleu cheese dressing
celery sticks and some extra hot sauce
for dipping this recipe gives you all
the kick of buffalo wings without the
extra fat from deep-frying as one
Allrecipes member raves love this recipe
it's quick easy and full of flavor and
spice another proclaims a new Superbowl
staple is born at my house